Add Crystal Bit Godot Game Template (#203)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

*Projects to use as a base for your own games.*

> #### Godot 3.3
> 
> - [Crystal Bit Godot Game Template](https://github.com/crystal-bit/godot-game-template) - Opinionated game template for Godot 3.3. It includes Continuos Integration, Scenes loading with graphic transitions, Game pause handling
> 
> #### Godot 3.2+
> 
> - [First Person Starter](https://github.com/Whimfoome/godot-FirstPersonStarter) - Template with First Person Controller, easily adjustable from the Inspector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Godot 3.2+

- [Crystal Bit Godot Game Template](https://github.com/crystal-bit/godot-game-template) - Opinionated game template. It includes continuous integration, scene loading with graphic transitions and game pause handling.
- [First Person Starter](https://github.com/Whimfoome/godot-FirstPersonStarter) - Template with First Person Controller, easily adjustable from the Inspector.
```
